Welcome back!
We made it past the biggest hurdle!
We got sulfuric acid!
Then, at last, we can make
the drug to save Ruri-nee?
Have some patience.
Didn't you see that crazy
roadmap to the cure-all drug?
That incredibly long one?
It's not that bad.
We have just about
everything we need now.
We have all the necessary materials.
Now it's just a matter of lighting up
Iron
Alcohol
Electricity
Vinegar
Sodium
Bicarbonate
Salt
Sulfuric
Acid
Urine
Powerful
Magnets
Copper
Phosphorus
Sodium
Hydroxide
Hydrogen Sulfate
Coal
Aniline
Chlorosulfuric Acid
Hydrochloric Acid
Carbonic Acid
Acetic Anhydride
Ammonia
Cure-all
Sulfa Drugs
all the dark spots on the roadmap, one by one.
Let's plow through it today.
Time for mad chemical cooking!
It's gonna be exhilarating!
Good morning, world
Good Morning World!
How far have I walked?
Only the pain in my feet
Gives me a sense of the distance
The hope for a beautiful view
at the end of a long night
Is what keeps me going today
The mountains of the gods,
the palaces of green
The depths of the caves,
the ends of the deep blue sky
I'll go the full distance,
there are no limits
To the ends of the world
Good morning, world
Good Morning World!
Rid away the impossibility of the dark
An odyssey turning mythology
into the everyday
In this painstaking journey,
turning over every stone
We'll expand our world
Masked Warrior
First, we boil the sulfuric acid
we got, and add a pinch of salt.
There's a weird glass sculpture
with a stick in the middle.
How dare you make me make
such a complicated thing?!
I don't know what you're using it for,
but you've gone and made me all excited!
It's a water dripping machine.
Are we catching the gas
that's coming out of the
sulfuric acid and salt mixture as it drips?
Hydrochloric Acid
Now we've got hydrochloric acid.
Hydrochloric acid?
It's a somewhat dangerous chemical.
Get it in your eyes, and you'll go blind.
Next, the sinters from the sulfuric acid spring,
which people love taking
home from hot springs.
Boil this stuff, throw it into the
hydrochloric acid we just made, and...
Chlorosulfuric Acid
Now we have chlorosulfuric acid.
Chlorosulfuric acid?
This stuff is really dangerous.
Get it on your skin, and you'll
turn into a skulking zombie.
Good.
Man, it smells like a swimming pool.
Separate the salt water
using electricity, and...
Sodium Hydroxide
We have sodium hydroxide.
Sodium hydroxide?
This chemical is ultra dangerous.
The yakuza use it to melt corpses.
Ah, I see, I see.
A drug that makes you blind, turns you
into a zombie, and melts your corpse.
I see.
You're going to make
Ruri-nee drink that?
No one's drinking it!
We're using it to prepare the drug!
Don't worry.
The rest of the chemicals are harmless.
Let's go get some ammonia.
Woo!
Ammonia?
We have ammonia.
Urine
(Ammonia)
And you're going to make
Ruri-nee drink that?
She's not drinking it, damn it!
We're using it to prepare the drug!
Iron
Alcohol
Electricity
Vinegar
Sodium
Bicarbonate
Salt
Sulfuric
Acid
Urine
Powerful
Magnets
Copper
Phosphorus
Sodium
Hydroxide
Hydrogen Sulfate
Coal
Aniline
Chlorosulfuric Acid
Hydrochloric Acid
Carbonic Acid
Acetic Anhydride
Ammonia
Cure-all
Sulfa Drugs
All right, we're getting there.
We're more or less down to three items.
Alcohol
Vinegar
Sodium
Bicarbonate
Coal
Aniline
Carbonic Acid
Acetic Anhydride
Powerful
Magnets
Copper
Phosphorus
Sodium
Hydroxide
Acetic anhydride, sodium
bicarbonate, and anilin.
It all sounds like some kind of spell.
We can't make any of it without alcohol.
Put another way, if we
just get some alcohol...
We'll have the ultimate
cure-all, sulfa drugs.
Let's start making alcohol, then!
It's going to be a bit of a pain.
We can use all the help we can get.
Alcohol?
What are you talking about?
If you win the Grand Bout tomorrow,
the villagers will give you
more than you can ever finish.
Wait, the Grand Bout is tomorrow?
The timing is too perfect.
Yeah.
If Kinro or Ginro wins, we'll have alcohol,
and we can give Ruri the cure-all drug!
Yeah.
We're going to win the
Grand Bout, even if it kills us.
It's finally time.
Your husband, the new village
chief, will be chosen tomorrow.
Isn't that right, Ruri?
Yes.
Turquoise!
Are preparations for the
Grand Bout proceeding well?
Yes.
Well, yes...
The preparations are, at least.
That said...
Why is Kohaku competing again?!
You need to tell her she can't!
Anyone over fourteen and not
yet married can participate.
The sacred rules of the
Grand Bout are immutable.
No one expected a girl to compete!
Well, let's let it be.
A man who can't even defeat a woman isn't fit
to fill the seat of the village chief, anyway.
Chief, there's actually one more problem.
Hm?
There's a new contestant.
You're participating in the Grand Bout?!
I signed him up!
Senku's over fourteen and
unmarried, after all!
Yeah, there's no rule that says
you have to be a villager.
Since when have Senku
and Ginro been so close?
Their skeevy sides
brought them together.
But, Senku, you aren't a very capable fighter.
I don't plan on winning.
I just want to tire them out.
Plus, if we go up against each other...
Boop.
Oh, no, you got me!
We move up without breaking a sweat!
The more contestants on our
side, the better! Right?!
Y-You're rigging the game.
You're way too underhanded, Ginro.
Either way, even with worthy
goals, rules are rules.
I'm not going to lose on
purpose to rig the game.
Of course, of course!
You look like the best bet to win
against Magma anyway, Kinro.
Save your energy and make it to the top.
You don't need to cheat, Kinro.
We're just going to be all like, "Mercy!"
Got a problem with that?
Neither of you look very righteous.
Kohaku! What about you?
Are you fine with tarnishing
the game by rigging it?
Anti
Pro
Well, I mean...
Rigging
Anti
Pro
If it improves Ruri-nee's chances
of surviving, even just a little...
It's been nearly half a year since he arrived.
Finally...
I'm setting foot in the
village for the first time.
This is the first step.
Is that the outsider who
wants to enter the Grand Bout?
Yes.
His name is Senku.
Senku?
Did you say his name is Senku?
What, have you met him
before or something, Ruri?
No, I haven't.
Of course I haven't, but...
I still know...
I still know Senku.
Hey!
For years...
No, possibly even from long,
long ago in the past.
Senku-san, right?
So you're the priestess, Ruri.
We finally meet, huh?
There's something I must ask you.
Senku, what is your last name?
Last...
...name?
Your last name is another
name that attaches to—
Yeah, I know what it is.
There's no culture of having
last names in this village.
How does this woman know?
Could it be that you're Ishi—
Ruri-sama!
Outsider!
Stay away from the priestess!
Don't make her walk!
Carry her back immediately!
Are you all right?
Yes.
I have a ton of questions, too.
Let's have a good, long interview
once the Grand Bout is over with.
This is excellent.
I might not need to kill Ruri.
It looks like she'll croak
as soon as we get married.
Anyone but you, Magma!
Hey, that's not bad form for Chrome.
Chrome's been practicing
poking that target non-stop.
I'm practicing hitting Magma's weak spot.
His weak spot? You don't mean...
Yep! His wee-wee!
I agree.
If the goal is to wear him down,
then it makes sense to go for his testicles.
Kohaku-chan...
You're beyond tomboy or butch
when it comes to fighting.
You're simply... insane.
I don't have a chance of winning,
but I'm going to chip away at
Magma as much as I can before
Kinro or someone else goes up against him.
That's the best I can do.
That means the match-up is going to be crucial.
Rig it! Rig it!
Make a match-up that'll let us rig it!
Yup, screw having a fair fight.
The kingdom of science fights
with wits and genius.
Make a match-up that'll let us rig it!
Let's game the Grand Bout to hell and back.
We'll rig it so that Kinro
gets to the top unscathed,
and pit him against an exhausted Magma.
Which means it's best for us if Kinro
and Magma are in separate blocks.
Although it'll be quickest if I can
defeat Magma in the first match.
Right.
If you win in the finals, it all gets reset.
When it comes to drawing straws,
all we can do is pray to God.
Kohaku-chan and Magma
start off together.
Kinro and Magma never
go against each other.
Kohaku-chan and Magma
start off together.
It sounds like a tongue twister.
Kinro and Magma never
go against each other.
Kohaku-chan and Magma
start off together!
Kinro and Magma never
go against each other!
They're drawing up the
tournament brackets.
Kohaku-chan and Magma
start off together.
Kinro and Magma never
go against each other!
Kohaku-chan and Magma
start off together.
Kinro and Magma never
go against each other!
Kohaku-chan and Magma
start off together!
Kinro and Magma never
go against each other!
The first round of the
Grand Bout will be between...
Kinro and Magma!
This is bad.
This is really bad.
This is seriously bad!
It turned out the exact
opposite of what I prayed for!
Damn it, how could we be so unlucky?
What can you do?
A science user doesn't count on being lucky.
You just do what you can,
even if you're dealt the worst cards.
A rigged Grand Bout is won by doping,
with this Kingdom special
science power-up drink!
That's another mighty suspicious drink.
Does it have some kind
of crazy drug in it?
Sadly, it's perfectly safe.
It's made from tea leaves,
honey, and sweet flag.
The caffeine's a stimulant,
the sweet flag will keep you cool,
and the honey will jack your
blood sugar through the roof.
In this stone world,
that's nothing short of doping.
Who said to drink all of it?!
We're all out?!
What do you want me to do?!
If you lose to Magma,
I'm going to have to beat him!
He ate the ingredients raw.
Dude, he finished all the sweet flag.
Is that the grass that's
growing all over the river?
I'll go pick some!
I may not be competing, but I
can still make myself useful!
But, hey, I just need you to make
it to the final match, right?
This is bad!
Suika-chan fell in the river
trying to pick herbs!
She's drowning!
You're the quickest, Kohaku-chan,
so you'd better go help her before she dies!
You're ten billion percent lying, obviously.
I-I'm not lying.
I just happened to pass by her
at the river when I saw her!
How do you know she
was there to pick herbs
if you just "happened" to see her at the river?
Come back in ten billion years if
you want to have a brain battle
with the science team, you blatant idiot.
I know he's lying,
but if there's even the slightest
chance that he's not,
I'd be letting Suika die.
Kohaku, you're our last stand against Magma.
If you bail now...
But I'm the only one who can
save her. I'm the fastest.
I know he's lying, but I
have to go to the river.
You're a despicable man, Mantle.
Kohaku!
N-No way!
Round one: Kinro! Magma!
Forward!
Yeah, but Kohaku went to save Suika.
If Kohaku doesn't return in time for her
match in round three, she'll be disqualified.
Damn it!
Get back quick, Kohaku!
Good going, Mantle.
Yeah!
I had to make doubly sure.
Now that Kohaku is gone,
there's no one who can defeat me.
I, Magma-sama, will be the next
village chief and Ruri's husband.
Kinro!
If you surrender now,
I'll make you my right-hand man.
I don't dislike strong men.
Lick my shoes in front of
everyone, here and now!
I'll take that as your pledge.
Magma, even if what you say is
true, I would never surrender.
Even in the midst of
this corrupt Grand Bout,
I'm incapable of fighting
except in earnest.
Not only that, but I'm not
the same man I was before.
You've never won against me once!
What could possibly be different?
I...
I have no choice but
to win, for my friends!
Round one: Magma versus Kinro.
Begin!
Your filthy greed is nothing
compared to what motivates me!
Kinro, when did you become so strong?
Wow, he's evenly matched with Magma.
He might have a chance!
Huh, he's doing ten billion percent
better than I thought he would.
This is all thanks to our
battle team's training.
Why are you getting so smug, Ginro?
If worse comes to worst...
Hey, Mantle.
Jasper's an insanely good referee.
He won't let you get away with that.
You got this, Kinro!
Not direct
Direct attacks
from outsiders
Yeah!
I was just, y'know...
Click, click!
Clicking rocks together to cheer him on.
Nuts.
Mantle tied it so tight, I can't get free.
I have to get back to the others, quick!
Magma took a step back.
He always just goes by brute force.
Magma's serious.
I've never seen him like that.
This is bad.
He's put distance between us.
Kinro's straining his eyes.
Suika! You're safe!
So he was lying about you drowning.
Damn that Mantle!
Kinro probably has the
fuzzy sickness in his eyes.
I can tell because I have it, too.
What was that jab?
It didn't even come close.
Shit, that was a direct hit!
Kinro!
It's no use.
I can't move.
No...
Not yet.
What I'm doing is important.
Suika?
How did you get in here?
I'm finally going to really,
really put myself to use!
Still not giving up, Kinro?
I like you even more.
I want you to be my henchman.
I'm going to use this hill to gain speed!
Now, lick my shoes!
It's the eyes of science, Kinro!
Who the hell is that creep?!
What's the deal with that goofy mask?
My vision...
So this is science!
Holy crap!
He's dodging each one, just barely!
Wh-What's going on with you?
I'm grateful for the science, Suika, Senku.
Let me teach you, Magma...
Had science helped me conquer my eyes,
I would have surpassed your strength long ago.
Maybe I don't know what to do
Hurry up, my mind is on the moon
Flying up to where the wind blew
In my hands awakens
The passion overflowing
Just wandering through this world
Your one shining pure
Could never be pierced
with a rusty knife
I'm burning like a fire gone wild
The moment an arrow
shot through my heart
The noise plaguing me was released
Everything was different
from that moment on
If I don't try, I'll never know
Why do flowers bloom?
Your voice echoes
Tell me why?
I just shouted to the sky
But you are no no no longer here,
that's right?
The life we confirmed that day
You can call it a fleeting
dream if you want
But I'll save you from a wounded today
Next Time
This is a work of fiction, but the plants,
animals, and production methods described are based on reality.
Foraging and making things on your own accord is extremely dangerous
and, in some cases, illegal. Please do not imitate without expertise.